Since Wang Xun has a way
Just let him try
Let's slow down the matter of Wang Jianguo
OK
Tomorrow at five o'clock
Wang Xunruo can't cure his father, the prime minister
You have to agree
This king has lived through the ages
Wang Xuan's time has come
Why hasn't the emperor married yet?
Hmm, I thought it was some kind of panacea
It turned out to be for the emperor to drink
The branches and leaves of Qing Haoye are simply absurd
Take it internally without cheating
Don't say sick
Even if you are not sick, you will get sick
Her Royal Highness
The birth of the emperor has something to do with your mansion
If you marry me
I, Dong Jiabao, keep you worry-free.
Get out of here or die
I won't marry you either
laugh
A shameless villain like you can still deserve a princess
The princess really suits me
Toast without penalty
Your Highness, the hour has come
The emperor is still awake
Please kill Wang Xun first, Your Highness
Seal the Duke's Mansion again
Instant Nuts
Did you forget the Prime Minister's bet yesterday?
At this time, Liang Wang Jianguo
Are you still meaningful?
You you
Come
Put Wang Xun, the Duke's Mansion and others in the dungeon
After the founding of the king
Sign again